Write changelog (#1102)
Akuli/porcupine: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> Porcupine now uses a calendar-based versioning scheme:

Author: ```suggestion
Porcupine now uses [calver](https://calver.org/):
```

Pastebin menu:
- When you pastebin for the first time, you now get a dialog asking whether you really wanted to do it. In other words, you can no longer accidentally send your code to a pastebin service.
- Indentations are now removed when pastebinning. Previously indentation was removed only from the first line of code when pastebinning to dpaste.com. This was annoying when pastebinning a part from the middle of a function, for example. (If you select some text before pastebinning, only the selected text is pastebinned.)

Running programs without an external terminal window:
- Porcupine no longer freezes if the program produces a lot of output, e.g. `print` inside an infinite loop.
- On Linux and MacOS, there is now a pause button that can be used to stop and continue running the program. This is useful if you made a game but you didn't implement pause yet, for example. Thank you [rdbende](https://github.com/rdbende) for implementing this.
- Porcupine no longer stops showing the output in a corner case. This corner case happened frequently when printing large amounts of random bytes in Python.

> - Porcupine now recognizes file names and line numbers of the form `(filename:linenumber)` and makes them clickable. At least valgrind prints source code locations this way.

Author: ```suggestion
- Porcupine now recognizes file names and line numbers of the format `(filename:linenumber)` and makes them clickable. Recognizing file names and line numbers this way was added in Porcupine 0.99.0, and this release only adds one new format.
```
